## The US Has No Allies, Only Hostages

This article provides a summary of the following video presentation by European investigative journalists to the United Nations (UN) Security Council, regarding the covert and militaristic destruction of Nord Stream gas pipelines in the Baltic Sea. 

<br>

>**Video presentation:** *["Dirk Pohlmann and Jimmy Dore brief the United Nations about the 2022 Nord Stream pipeline sabotage"](https://www.youtube.com/embed/LQVEXMyxUGQ)*

- Forces from the United States of America (USA) did it. But how? 

    - Allegedly, US Navy planted bombs targeting the pipelines via covert military operations, during a set of Norther Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) naval exercises conducted within the Baltic Sea in June-July 2022. 

    - Each of the bombs were at least 25 metric tons in explosive strength, which were planted at the deepest locations of the Nord Stream pipelines; particularly, at target locations 80 meters deep on the sea floor, which would have required special submarines and diving equipment to install the massive bombs. The bombs were more likely, between 50 and 150 metric tons in explosive strength, which destroyed steel and concrete structures of the Nord Stream pipelines. 

    - All other navies operating in the Baltic Sea during summer and fall 2022, did not appear to have had the type of submarines and divers needed to install kiloton bombs at locations greater than 35 meters in depth, except for the American one. Other ideas involving a yacht or a sail boat, somehow being used for the sabotage, do not fit with the capability to deploy kiloton bombs on the sea floor in high seas. 

    - The pre-installed bombs at target locations were then, most likely, detonated on 26th September, 2022, by US military operations, specifically by a [Boeing Poseidon aircraft](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boeing_P-8_Poseidon) that was patrolling the exact location, 2 hours before and 4 hours after, the sabotage had occurred. 

    - The calculated set of attacks on Nord Stream pipelines could constitute a covert act of war and/or an act of terror, as per UN charters and conventional rules. It shouldn't be a surprise that such attacks were conducted by the US, given America's track record in conducting large-scale lethal and destructive operations using covert sappers and saboteurs, to instigate and spur wars within various parts of the world.  

    - Such attacks on energy pipelines escalated the war in Ukraine between Russia and NATO, that plunged Europe into an immediate and profound crisis, which has in turn, continued to negatively impact the global security and peace situation for all countries on Earth. 

    - The ecological damage due to the fallout from destroyed pipelines is reminiscent of the US-Iraq war involving Kuwait in 1995.  

<br>

The presenters in the video suggest that, the US had meticulously planned an attack on the European Union (EU) with an aim to frame Russia for those attacks, in order to handicap the ability of EU member states to grow and develop in peace. More specifically, the US conducted those condemnable and malicious attacks of terror, to hold the EU hostage via hostile activities with continuing threats to people's lives and economic sustainability, within the EU and the Black Sea region. 

In view of the given presentation, I would still wonder if such advanced acts of sabotage could have been conducted via nuclear or conventional torpedoes, launched by attack submarines operated by American or British forces. 

My personal opinion on this matter is that Ukraine could not have been the culprit in this specific set of attacks, because it did not have the naval resources and technical capabilities to blow up deep sea pipelines using kiloton bombs, all the way in the Baltic Sea. The destruction of the Nord Stream pipelines has most certainly not been favorable for Russia. Such attacks have directly caused the EU to become beholden to natural gas imports from the US. Furthermore, increasing prices of various commodities and an economic slowdown due to the NATO-Russia war have continued to negatively impact the EU, in the immediate and mid-term aftermath of those attacks on critical infrastructure, which used to connect Euro Zone economies and Russia.  

So, I do wonder if Iran, or an African country, were to siphon or block billions of Euros worth of goods being shipped by American or British companies via the Persian Gulf, wouldn't the US and the UK invade that country using military actions as a reprisal against those types of thefts or blockades? Imagine if under-sea internet cables in the Arabian or the Red Seas were hacked into or damaged by government sponsored assailants from Middle-Eastern or North African (MENA) countries; wouldn't American, French, and British holding companies that own or operate those cables, have their governments deploy troops to prosecute the nation-states responsible for authorizing and funding those types of destructive activities?

I would say that Russia started out with [military operations to prosecute Ukraine's thefts of European oil and gas,](https://github.com/true-hindsight/2023-09/blob/main/17.md) between 2010 and 2018, which was then escalated by NATO into a full-fledged war via US military activities in Eastern Europe during the years 2019 to 2021, and through [globally coordinated economic sanctions against Russian diaspora starting in 2022.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_sanctions_during_the_Russian_invasion_of_Ukraine) 

Ultimately, every country in the world has continued to suffer because of colonialist and imperialist activities of the so-called, "Global Super Powers." 

Therefore, all "Developing Nations" of the world have an imperative duty to first protect themselves, against the global fallout from harmful activities being carried out by the world's "Developed Nations." 

---

**As a side note:** 

The ways used by various Western media outlets to continuously hinder or muddy authentic news about the attacks on Nord Stream pipelines, happen to be a betrayal of public trust invested in those media sources and reporters. 

Here is a more clear and straightforward news article about this topic:

- "Key details behind Nord Stream pipeline blasts revealed by scientists", *The Guardian, 2023-09-26.* Available: https://www.theguardian.com/business/2023/sep/26/nord-stream-pipeline-blasts-key-details-revealed-by-scientists 


Compared to the usual smoke-stack with fluff, about the very same topic, from another news agency:

- "Q+A What is known about the Nord Stream gas pipeline explosions", *Reuters, 2023-09-26.* Available: https://www.reuters.com/world/europe/qa-what-is-known-about-nord-stream-gas-pipeline-explosions-2023-09-26/