# Russia's Border Between Belarus and Black Sea

Russia's new border between Belarus and the Black Sea, is going to be located at the Dnipro river. This is because building thousands of miles of trenches and dugouts, in open farm lands is an uneconomic way to establish, and protect a border. 

The topic isn't when and where will the Russians stop with their missile attacks, and with incursions into Ukraine. The main topic of interest is where can they possibly stop. The only logical way-point is along the Dnipro River, so that Russian's can control land crossings over the that river, to and from Ukraine. Establishing check posts that can conveniently allow the movement of people and goods, is a situation that can only be achieved, when boarders are geologically stable enough to be economically regulated by civilian authorities. 

The current Ukrainian president is certainly not a Nazi, though he has become a patsy for Jesuit and Catholic supremacists. The Eastern Orthodox Church possibly cannot let any Russian to ever overlook, or bow down to that. 

Therefore, if Ukrainians do not evacuate all of their residents to the West of Dnipro in a steadfast manner, and then wholeheartedly capitulate, the Russians might decide to become much less merciful, only to keep marching towards Poland and Romania. Russian missile and artillery units cannot care about the narratives surrounding the war, being propagated by NATO, while their Russian supply lines drive the war. Russian tank and infantry units have decided to inch along towards Dnipro river while focusing on cutting off Ukrainian access to the Black Sea. Russians have only bothered to shape the narrative of a war, after they have won the war they've entered into, and that too, only for those who can read and understand Cyrillic. They do not care about what the rest of the world thinks about them! And that is why, they are more efficient in driving the war, rather than shaping its optics for idle onlookers. 

All of this means that Ukraine's land area is going to be halved, at least halved, before Russians will sit around any kind of a table for negotiating a diplomatic peace treaty. Should Ukraine be halved, or completely assimilated into Russian sovereign territory? 

Well, by October-November, 2020, the American V<sup>th</sup> Brigade had become active in Poland, next to the Ukrainian border. Once the US V<sup>th</sup> Brigade becomes activated, there is no going back. So this means that American preparations for a full-scale battle had begun, and was already underway for an invasion of Russian territories before February-March, 2021. The US V<sup>th</sup> Brigade had started training NATO units in Poland, and was all too welcoming to the idea of training Ukrainian professional military units and militia groups. That brigade, doesn't practice silly little forms of guerrilla warfare, for chasing out an occupational force, from a patch of land where American geo-political ambitions might be at risk. They aren't raiders either. The US V<sup>th</sup> Brigade is the wedge and the tip of the spear, for establishing new military bases for initializing a war, in order to extensively capture and occupy new grounds, from newly created landing sites, by suppressing every type of resistance from the country being invaded. 

The Russians weren't going to tolerate the idea of NATO getting a jump-start, in creating a battle field of an American design in Eastern Europe against Russia's interests and national security. The Russians also weren't going to tolerate the idea of paying €3 Billion Euros per year to Ukraine, as demanded by the Ukrainian parliament in the form of "transit fees", for Russian owned and operated, oil and gas pipelines, passing through Ukraine. The Russian's realized that they could instead pour €3 Billion Euros per year for the next two decades, to conquer Ukraine, rather than waste it as transit fees. Russia's oligarchy figured out that they would be able to operate their pipelines more freely, without any hassle or hindrances from anybody, after thoroughly conquering Ukraine, or after rendering it as a puppet-state. Russia's hasty start to the war in Ukraine, during March 2021, was a response to provocations from the US and its NATO allies. Consequently, the present reality is that the Russians can keep the war in Ukraine going for more than 49 consecutive years. 

This is where one has to wonder, what was going on in the minds of the leaders of Western European nations, when they allowed American made medium and long-range missiles to be transported to Romania and Poland, during the 2010s? Those missiles can, coincidentally, carry radiological and biochemical warheads, as well as cluster munitions. Did the European Union's (EU's) parliament think that they could simply keep shoving hundreds of long-ranged missiles into Eastern Europe, in the name of building a defensive weapons system? Following those offensive strategies, from the year 2014 onward, certain members of the EU started ginning up the idea that US Patriot Missile Defense Systems, ought to be sent to the Ukrainian border with Russia, "as a precaution." As a precaution for what exactly? The nuclear arms proliferation by the US had already extended to Eastern Mediterranean, and to Australia. Shoveling American made nuclear warheads and other weapons of mass destruction (WMD) into Ukraine, was never going to make things "safe and peaceful", for any country of the world!

Since the end of the cold war, in the 1990s, Russia has only longed to be included in global civil aviation and maritime activities, for the sake of making money, as simple as that. Russians did not have any intention of spending more of their national income into military budgeting, for any kind of a war. They instead wanted to normalize relationships with Western Europe through trade. Their military aims were limited to the region around the Black Sea and to few portions of the Arctic circle. The idea that Russians had secretly been aiming to become the overloads of the whole of Europe, through the control of oil and gas pipelines, was only an idea propagated by the likes of John McCain. The leaders of France, Germany, and Russia, only wanted their healthcare, education, civil services, and clean manufacturing industries to grow in a collaborative manner, without having to assert any type of dominance over each-other. That of course has never registered in the minds of American military and political leaders; the idea that nation-states can have a symbiotic relationship for the betterment of regional and global ecology, without being predatory or parasitic, is simply impossible according to American philosophers and thought-leaders. Successive governments in the US, have strictly followed the "International Rules Based Order" that stems from the foremost rule of: "bugger thy neighbor, to be superior to all others." 

The US was never gong to tolerate the idea of Russia being included in the forums, and socio-economic activities of European countries. Out of sheer jealousy, and bigotry towards all things Russian, American narratives propelled in multi-media content like editorials, news, TV series, and movies, has always portrayed Russia as, "the deranged autocratic enemy of 'the democratic and rational free world'." This has been problematic, for the entire plant, because American distrust of Russia, Iran, China, India, Brazil, and all other such countries has only continued to grow. Any countries that do not present themselves as a subordinate, by pandering to the mythologies and worldviews promoted by the US, are simply labeled as an "irrational agent of chaos, destruction, and hostility operating against the USA, as part of an 'axis of evil'."   

It is entirely absurd and truly problematic, that the so-called "International Rules Based Order", as conceived by British and American forces, only include rules like: "bugger they neighbor", "be subordinate to a non-Orthodox Christian ruler", and "screw China by all means necessary." 

It can be noted that this particular article, has a distinctly partial tone which, isn't in favor of Americanized geo-politics, because the topics being discussed here, possibly cannot be sugar-coated anymore. All of humanity can only suffer complete devastation, by playing the infantile game of "follow the leader", with America or Britain as 'the leader.' Indeed, each nation has a right to follow its unique path, towards sustainable progress and ecological stability, irrespective of the dictum propagated by either Russia, US, or Britain. So, where and when exactly will the war in Ukraine end? It certainly won't end with any person insisting on Ukraine's territorial boundaries being restored to that of the year 1991. 

So, would any of you be surprised if Russian RosAtom ships showed up at the coastline of Iran, to build dry docks, ships yards, submarine pens, and expanded coastal defense systems using modular nuclear power plants operated onboard those ships? I wouldn't be, because bypassing the Sues Canal and the troubles around Sudan, Djibouti as well as Yemen, to efficiently transport goods and materials between Europe and Asia via the Caspian region, using Persian as well as Central Asian trade routes, is the only remaining option for Latin America, Africa, Oceania, and the Eastern hemisphere of the world, for exiting the bad and worthless geo-political designs laid out by the alliances of countries with a Northern Atlantic coastline.

---

```
Abbreviations:

EU      - European Union 
NATO    - North Atlantic Treaty Organization 
US, USA - United States of America 
WMD     - Weapons of Mass Destruction 
```

---

**Post Script:** Also, don't follow what ["Simon says."](https://youtu.be/YxCrfT4LSF4) Sod off, Simon! You and your puerile rules were worthless to begin with! 