## Must fragrance copy stench, question mark

This is about the group of eight prisoners in Qatar of Indian origin, who have been accused of conducting espionage against Qatar on behalf of Israel, and who have already been sentenced to capital punishment of death via execution, by Qatar's magisterial court system.

--- 

Please ignore this article if you are still working on the above-mentioned subject matter, using more refined methods through formal channels, for either side of the parties involved in such a sensitive situation. Isn't it hazardous for me and of me, to even gaze upon this topic using my "inference techniques?" It is only as hazardous as breathing the air in Central New Delhi, India. 

--- 

I can imagine that the more sage-like and career oriented diplomats, and officiated ministers, would suggest that I "reserve my speech", which is usually their more elegant and polite way of saying, "be quiet." But I'm not a person who can care anymore for their code-speak, can I?

So, here is what I've managed to find out till now, about this situation:

- Nothing, except that news paper agencies and journalists in India managed to access only as much data about this situation, as the Qatari government released to them. 

Given that this situation is evolving in the backdrop of a veto by USA of the motion for a ceasefire in Gaza, brought forth by UAE on humanitarian grounds in a recent UN Security Council meeting, it is up to Qatar to decide whether they would like to add to the negative stereotype of countries like Israel, US, and Britain, being somehow justified in their belligerence against various 'barbaric and peace-hating' Islamic nations. 

It is entirely possible that the world's people who cling violently to the mythologies of Zionism, will not stop after murdering all Palestinians (Philistines), just the same way they did not stop after committing cultural genocides against the Hittites, the Canaanites, and the Samaritans. 

One may point out that the Hittites did not have any major wars with Israelite people as per any popular sources of history and archaeological evidence. Naturally, the Israelite could not have been the only factor in the destruction of Hittite culture, given the rest of region's geo-political history and climatic conditions. Furthermore, occurrences of the word "Hittite" within the New Testament Christian Bible, could allude to any indigenous or aboriginal peoples in the Eastern Mediterranean Sea region, who had migrated to Biblical Egypt, from regions that are currently known as Asia Minor, alongside Central, Middle-Eastern, and South Asian regions of the world. However, who is asking anyone to believe a fable or a lore about humanity's evolution within this or any other article? Also, please see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hittites#Law_reform and https://www.jewishvirtuallibrary.org/hittites 

Let me now tell you *a fable:* At one point in history, a member of "Bani Israel" had wondered, out of plain curiosity, are all Samaritans so atrocious and vile, that they all need to be eradicated as though they were plague-carrying-vermin? To which the rulers and high priests of Judea and Israel, at that time, gave some serious thought, and noted the example of a good Samaritan, who was worthy of praise and honor. But then the rest of the people in and around Samar, were brutally murdered by invading armies of northern Israel, including Samaritan young women with their infant children. And ultimately in the year 2015 CE, the only surviving copy of the Samaritan Bible was also desecrated and shredded, by the decedents of those invading and occupying rulers. Most of the pieces of that Bible were burned and the remaining were scattered across the globe into the hands of private collectors of illicitly traded ancient artifacts, only so that, there could be no way to recover any legitimate part of the true form and history of the Samaritan culture.  

>You see, it is the nature and the essential job of stench, to forcefully and brutally overpower, and obliterate fragrance. However, it is the nature and essential duty of fragrance, to remain humble, and to never transgress against all that which is innocent and good. This is because, if fragrance were to copy stench, it would become stench. 

Now, how likely is it that Qatar's secret services have genuine and hard evidence about the culpability and guilt of Indian Navy veterans in conducting espionage against Qatar's interests? How solid could the evidence against Indian veterans who were employed as defense contractors and consultants in Qatar through a Qatari private corporation be, with the accused having willingly conducted espionage on behalf of Israel, or on behalf of any other entity? The likelihood of that evidence being accurate and reliable is apparently high, and the Qatari judiciary along with its appendage bodies, would not have carelessly declared a person, let alone an entire group of Indian Naval consultants working for Qatar as, "an enemy of the state", to then have those persons of Indian origin be put to death for their alleged high crimes, because every member of Qatar's royal family and government departments, would already be acutely aware that, the punishment via the laws governing this Earth and, every possible realm as well as domain, created and owned by Allah Subhaan Ta'la, for executing even a single innocent person, is much more severe than death upon being administered by Allah on Judgment Day. 

So, this is where one can appeal to the better nature of all concerned parties who may think that this situation is beyond repair or any humanitarian remedy: Isn't it possible that each of the accused were wronged, because they were working in an earnest capacity, without any intention (نية) of causing any harm to Qatar or to Qatari people's interests, and that they happened to obtain digital files with classified information which, they may have downloaded from a secure server for their designated work purposes, only to then have had those files stolen from their computers or mobile devices via Israeli malware, without premeditation, or willful involvement and knowledge of the accused in that type of a theft? 

If there is even the smallest possibility that innocent persons are about to be given the harsh punishment of death via ghastly state-sponsored serial executions, with the accused men's children traumatized forever, along with those men's honor, and their family's good name and dignity being permanently despoiled, would Qatar genuinely benefit from the risks of copying the warmongering enemies of humanity, who want to see Islam and Muslims be brought to shame? 

---

<div align="center">

<p>In solidarity with emigrants, particularly the innocent ones. But who is truly blameless? Allahu Alim </p>

<p>Göçmenlerle, özellikle de masum olanlarla dayanışma içindeyiz. Ama gerçekten suçsuz olan kim? Allah en iyisini bilir </p>

<p dir="rtl">تضامنا مع المهاجرين، وخاصة الأبرياء منهم. ولكن من هو الذي بلا لوم حقًا؟ الله أعلم </p>

</div> 