## Water Jet Excavation of Landmines

The country side and fields in Ukraine are littered with thousands of landmines, and it is likely to be years before any efforts to remove those mines shall begin, after the wars in Eastern Europe end. 

In the mean time, how do mechanized infantry navigate those fields? With metal detectors? No, with a stick, by prodding the dirt along the path they need to navigate on foot, one jab and poke at a time, carefully, one small step at a time. The rest of the squad or brigade, slowly inches along like ducks in a row, behind the soldiers at the head of the convoy tasked with finding and avoiding, or disposing the landmines. 

The main reason for using a stick and manually removing mines, one step at a time, is because metal detectors produce too many false positives, from shrapnel and debris in the soil, and also because Russian sappers place decoy explosives and pieces of metal around landmines, to make the process of excavating the actual landmines, much harder, and much more dangerous. Moreover, metal detectors are ineffective against booby traps with plastic or hypergolic explosives. 

The topic of mine based warfare isn't new, as during the past World Wars, all battlefields of Europe and Japan were littered with hundreds of thousands of landmines and unexploded ordinances. How then, were all of those landmines and hazardous pieces of ammunition cleared in Europe after WWII, during [the American Marshal Plan?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marshall_Plan) This is an important question because, how come the very same thing couldn't be done in parts of South-East Asia and Africa where American led forces carpet bombed the countries they invaded, and then insidiously left the survivors in those war torn countries to suffer the consequences of thousands of landmines being planted throughout the farmlands of poor innocent people? 

How are landmines in countries like Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam, Afghanistan, Syria, Angola, and Congo, still an endemic issue that causes yearly mutilations and deaths of hundreds of innocent women, children, and men in those countries, when those very same types of ordinances were completely removed from European countries after WWII? Is it a matter of money and human resources for disposal of landmines and cluster bombs? I believe that is a factor, but the main issue is that effective methods for quickly removing landmines and shrapnel from tens of acres of land per day, hasn't been properly managed and directly provided to poorer countries, for ensuring that the people in those ravaged countries continue to suffer the tragic consequences of not being able to utilize their lands in peace. This issue also causes people in those countries to remain subdued by the horrors and terrors of being suddenly struck by death and destruction, from Western manufactured ammunition. The genocide of those poor peoples, thus continues unabated, via pernicious ways enforced by Western groups and agencies. 

Countries from Western Europe and Northern America have continued to provide meager aid via United Nations missions and programs, to erstwhile colonial countries in Asia, South America, Africa, and Oceania, while withholding the more effective methods and resources used in de-mining operations. Sadly, the very same Western nations have also surreptitiously withheld those methods of excavating and neutralizing landmines, from the people of Ukraine, all the while pretending to support Ukraine against Russia, only to extend and perpetuate their proxy war with Russia and China. 

So, let's review one of the better, and a seemingly obvious method of excavating landmines, which is to wash away the dirt. 

One does benefit from remote-sensing satellites, and from aerial reconnaissance with hyper-spectral or thermal imaging to accurately demarcate the landmine fields, using technology such as these - https://cordis.europa.eu/article/id/422614-clearing-landmines-with-the-help-of-drones 

Following the identification of each landmine or explosive device that needs to be disposed of using manual or drone based technologies, the task of excavating them requires other specialized equipment and training. Successfully accomplishing these types of operations in a field after wars are over, has a different set of constraints, compared to when battles continue to rage in an active war zone, such as the Donetsk and Luhansk regions at Russia-Ukraine border. 

The techniques of using pressurized water jet as well as non-pressurized fluids for flooding a field with landmines, for excavating those buried, sensitive materials, has existed for quite some time. Here is a video showcasing the use of pressurized jet of water which, for example, leaves cables and wires intact, and undisturbed: https://www.youtube.com/shorts/fw-NUsw8SCo (video showcasing water jet excavation, from 2023-03-21) 

The actual technology for directing and controlling the water jet with precision and accuracy, has come a long way. Here is an example of a company (with no endorsements from or any connections with me), that provides tools and methods for safely conducting water jet excavation: [Industrial Insider - Hydro-Excavation Best Practices, Hydra-Flex Inc, YouTube Video, 2023-04-04.](https://www.youtube.com/shorts/fw-NUsw8SCo) 


It is most certainly possible, for soldiers on the ground during real-time missions, to use such water jet based techniques for avoiding or excavating landmines. It would be much more feasible and natural, for appropriately equipped and trained units to use such methods during peace time for landmine clearance, compared to using animals or terrestrial robotics for detection and excavation. 