## A Common Security Issue Among Various Countries

This is an advisory about merely one of the common National Security issues that are shared among various countries. This particular one is due to a **zero-day fault within Biotronik's Renamic and Renamic Neo programmer machines** that are used for programming Biotronik's Edora, Evity and Enitra model pacemakers that are sold across the globe to millions of people. 

You may wonder, "How can any type of a fault within some pacemaker manufacturer's equipment lead to a National Security issue in a given country?"  

<br>

### 1. Data-Troves of Stolen Medical Records 

If you are a non-technical person reading this article, you will first need to know and understand that a large number of countries had their healthcare organizations hacked into, by each other's cyber-warfare units and by other "opportunistic" hackers. Those hackers stole private details of patients' healthcare and demographic data from numerous hospitals and clinics that were penetrated through cyber attacks. 

The data-troves of medical records and personal identification details belonging to vulnerable individuals have been circulating on the "interwebs" for a long time, e.g. [the LifeLabs data of millions of Canadian residents that was leaked online in the year 2019.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhzAlPotXB8) 

Yes, but what would a patient's name, address, phone number, email, and other private details including their medical history have to do with National Security? 

<br>

### 2. The Zero-Day Fault within Biotronik Renamic and Renamic Neo 

Let's quickly review what a pacemaker is, and how [CE Certification](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CE_marking#Meaning) of internal medical devices, sold in Europe or elsewhere, happens to matter. 

1. The purpose of a pacemaker is to bring the cardiac rhythm of a patient's ailing heart, as close as possible to the natural and intrinsic rhythm of a comparable healthy heart, with due care and consideration for day-time as well as night-time activities of the person needing a pacemaker. Some of the reasons why a person may need a pacemaker are ailments like Bradycardia or Atrial Fibrillation. 

2. Each of the features and programmable parameters within CE Certified medical devices, such as the “Basic Rate” and the “Night Rate” in several models of Biotronik, Medtronic, Boston Scientific, and Abbott pacemakers happen to be essential and necessary (without a doubt).  

So now, we can discuss the zero-day fault within Biotronik's pacemaker programmer machines which cause the implanted pacemaker to dysfunction and cause fatality within individuals such as judges, ministers, scientists, engineers, retired soldiers, managers and key government officials; or in individuals such as the family and staff members of those *persons of consequence.* We are talking about millions of Biotronik pacemakers throughout the world that are impacted by a zero-day fault in the company's Renamic and Renamic Neo programmer machines. 

Those exclusive programmer machines from Biotronik are necessary for initializing and setting various parameters of Biotronik's in-situ pacemakers. The subsequent tuning of a pacemaker can only be done using those programmer machines that are exclusively handled by Biotronik company's technicians in each country.   

1. A safety feature within Biotronik's pacemakers known as the "Night Rate" requires a programmable parameter called "24-Hour-Clock" and that clock can be set to the wrong time-zone because of the bad hardware, software, and User Interface (UI) designs of Renamic and Renamic Neo programmer machines.

1. The User Manuals and training provided to physicians and technicians by Biotronik corporation, has omissions on how to correctly set the 24-Hour-Clock parameter while initializing or tuning an implanted pacemaker with the company's programmer machines. 

1. If a prescribing physician does not set the appropriate value for "Night Rate" by only setting the pacemaker's "Basic Rate" to a value that is higher than the required Sleeping Heart Rate of a patient, the patient ends up suffering from physiological harms from stresses and strains caused by over-pacing. 

1. If the prescribing physician does set the appropriate value for an implanted pacemaker's "Night Rate" but fails to check the time-zone of the clock for inputting the correct "Night Begin" and "Night End" timings, the pacemaker silently paces according to the wrong time-zone while functioning out-of-phase with the patient's circadian rhythm. This again leads to physiological harm resulting in degradation of the patient's mental and physical health. And, most physicians as well as technicians using Biotronik products do not know how to set those critical settings for the pacemaker's clock. 

1. A pacemaker that has a correctly set clock, instantaneously becomes programmed with the wrongful timer settings, as soon as it connects to a programmer machine with an improperly set clock as per the patient's time-zone. This means that each individual programmer machine, among thousands of them in each country, need to be constantly checked before connecting to the patient's in-situ pacemaker, but, most technicians are ill-trained to know how to do that.  

1. Many prescribing physicians in India, in disobedience to their foundational medical training, deliberately deactivate the "Night Rate" safety feature in pacemakers by not setting it, and by adamantly insisting that it has no use or physiological benefits for the patient. This is like claiming that a seat belt in a car has no use or benefits for the user. Tragic!

1. The "VVIR" mode of the pacemaker gets deactivated or becomes inefficient when the "Basic Rate" is set to a value that is significantly higher than the nominal Resting Heart Rate and the nominal Sleeping Heart Rate. Those two heart rates are largely different and separate vital signs in each human being. Currently, there isn't a proper way to alert the physician and the technician via the programming machine's UI about these types of problems and issues that can arise due to user error. This fault causes over-pacing and also reduces the lifetime of the pacemaker by 3 to 4 years while draining its battery faster, in turn causing the patient to directly suffer harms and damages.  

<br>

There isn't a readily available way to rectify the faulty design of Biotronik's Renamic and Renamic Neo programmer machines that are utilized for starting and then tuning the implanted pacemakers. Tens of thousands of those faulty machines need to be recalled and replaced with new ones, and Biotronik's technicians also need to be trained properly on the new protocols for using them appropriately. All of that will take months if not years to implement, and during that time many patients will suffer permanent damage to their health and even fatalities due to this fundamental problem.  

A possible solution to this problem would be to make changes to the motherboard of new programmer machines for including a SIM card that can receive timing signals from cell phone towers, particularly so that human error can be mitigated with a better UI design along with such hardware modifications. This could be one way to "de-risk" instances of human error that can lead to the deactivation or wrongful configuration of the pacemaker's settings and safety features.  

>All of this sounds like a valid reason to short-sell the shares of Biotronik company, doesn't it? 

<br>

### 3. The Actual Security Issue for Various Nations

So, please use your creative thinking skills for a moment and imagine that a cyber-warfare unit in China is sitting around with the stolen medical records of tens of millions of individuals from India (or the UK or the USA). The members of that unit then simply sift through that data and find all such patients who have a Biotronik pacemaker. Then, cross-reference that table of data with names of known persons of consequence, within impacted country or countries. 

And there you have it: this is a way to find each individual judge, diplomat, minister, CEO, CFO, or any other person in a seat of social or political power (or perhaps their family members), who may be affected by this problem due to their respective pacemakers. The next stage of a cyber attack using that insight would then be to "push the buttons" of those individuals via targeted messaging related to their ailment, on their social media channels or private communication devices. Standard PsyOps. 

>Of course, every PsyOps is indeed a CyOps, and *at the heart of it,* is actually a SciOps. 

A more hardcore attack-vector could involve directing an operative, or by remotely and cleverly using social-engineering, to program a targeted individual's pacemaker to a value that would slowly and silently kill them, but a number of bad doctors in various countries are already doing that for their own selfish and unethical purposes. So, most probably, the people sitting with stolen medical records merely need to wait and do nothing, especially because government regulatory bodies, judiciaries and the Biotronik company will do everything in their power to drag their feet instead of promptly resolving this profound issue. 

What can good doctors and concerned citizens do about this? They could try to share this knowledge and spread the word, particularly for public interest, because this is a critical safety issue impacting enumerable people at large, across the globe. 

<br>

### References  

<html>
<body>
<ol>
<li><p>Biotronik Company's advertisement <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALHa7oJlHME" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">video for Renemic Neo </a></p></li>
<li><p>Biotronik products <a href="https://manuals.biotronik.com/emanuals-professionals/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">user manuals</a></p></li>
<li><p>Dr. Abhinav Singh (MD, MPH, FAASM), and Jay Vera Summer, 16-July-2025, <em>&quot;What is a normal Sleeping Heart Rate?&quot;</em>, Indiana Sleep Center, Indiana, USA. Available online -  <a href="https://tinyurl.com/sleeping-heart-rate" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">https://tinyurl.com/sleeping-heart-rate</a></p>
</li>
<li><p>Dr. Meagan Wasfy (MD, MPH), 11-Nov-2024, <em>&quot;Sleep and Heart Health&quot;</em>, Mass Gneral Brigham, Massachusetts, USA. Available online - <a href="https://tinyurl.com/average-heart-rates" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">https://tinyurl.com/average-heart-rates</a></p>
</li>
<li><p>American Heart Association, 29-Oct-2024, <em>"What is a pacemaker and how does it work?"</em>, Texas, USA. Available online - <a href="https://tinyurl.com/use-of-pacemaker" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">https://tinyurl.com/use-of-pacemaker</a></p>
</li>
<li><p>American Heart Association, 24-Sept-2024, <em>"What is Bradycardia?"</em>, Texas, USA. Available online - <a href="https://tinyurl.com/bradycardia-treatment" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">https://tinyurl.com/bradycardia-treatment</a></p>
</li>
<li><p>Cleveland Clinic, 21-April-2025, <em>"What is Atrial Fibrillation?"</em>, International. Available online -  <a href="https://tinyurl.com/afib-treatment" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">https://tinyurl.com/afib-treatment</a></p>
</li>
<li><p>Digital Privacy Act in India, that is yet to be properly implemented, though the problem of stolen medical data of millions of people poses a palpable risk to electoral democracy and The State's interests - <a href="https://www.meity.gov.in/static/uploads/2024/06/2bf1f0e9f04e6fb4f8fef35e82c42aa5.pdf" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">meity dot gov dot in - India's Digital Personal Data Privacy Act 2023 [PDF]</a></p>
</li> 
</ol>
</body>
</html>

