## War Is Always Ugly

The Pakistanis have decided,

> "Let's do as much damage as we can." 

<br>

They are not interested in winning anything, they are simply going to fight a full fledged war with India, to the bitter end.   

This means that they are prepared to also use next-gen radiological and biochemical weaponry, and India's urban as well as rural areas are not exactly equipped, to adequately defend against that type of warfare. Tens of millions of civilians in Asia can end up dying within the first few waves of skirmishes exchanged between India and Pakistan, during a biochemical and nuclear war, leading to a much worse situation for the region than the previous tragedies that had engulfed Asia at the peak of WWII.  

It seems, some groups in Pakistan and the Pakistani Defense Minister[^1] are trying to spread misinformation that, India orchestrated a "False Flag Attack" in Pahalgam on 22nd April 2025, to start a war with Pakistan. Supposedly, this was so that the Indian Government could instill guilt among Indian Muslims for those attacks, and simultaneously draw attention away from the plight of minorities and the issues concerning the Waqf Board, while uniting and emboldening Hindu nationalists through outrage over those terrorist attacks. 

I can't imagine India's security apparatus appealing to, or adopting, the CIA's tactics to stoke insurgents and insurgency in a region, so that response to terrorist attacks can be used as an excuse for starting "precision strikes" against a neighboring nation-state. 

Weaponized patriotism seems to be the simplest way to keep the proletarians busy and preoccupied, in any country, for over-zealously producing industrial outputs to increase the country's gross domestic productivity (GDP).  

Indeed, only China, America, the UK, richer Gulf countries, and Russia can benefit from a war between India and Pakistan. Undoubtedly, imperialists and supremacists will gain the upper hand through sales of weapons and "humanitarian aid" to countries in Southern Asia, no matter who among the Indians and Pakistanis sustains greater losses after years of blood-soaked battles. 

All of the poorer countries in Europe, Asia, Central and South America, Oceania, and Africa will only suffer more, due to disruptions in exports of goods from India, if a full fledged war were to erupt in the Indian Ocean and the Arabian Sea. 

America and Canada won't remain unscathed either, if Indo-Pacific trade routes get impacted by such geo-political problems. 

<br>

<div align = "center">

You are correct, I've never needed a military or a national parade held in my honour. <br />
What I still need, is justice, and not any cheap or defective version of, retaliatory justice.

你说得对，我从来都不需要为我举行军事或全国性的阅兵式。<br />
我仍然需要的是正义，而不是任何廉价或有缺陷的报复性正义。

</div>

<br>

[^1]: Some excerpts from the Pakistani Defense Minister's media replies concerning this ongoing issue - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2025_Pahalgam_attack#International 